Hopefully, having gone through that and trying it out, you would have come up with something that
is relatively similar to what we see over here, which is if I do, what might be that I owe and do
test one, two, three, and I try to log in.
If I fill in the wrong password, it won't apply.
But if I fill in the right password, then boom, we're in.
And if I reload, then we're back to square one.
OK, so how did I achieve this?
Well, over here in our account screen, what I basically did was, well, we saw that I change the
icon register to email.
There was a small tip over there.
And then if we went over to the login screen, what we can see in here.
Is there's a couple of things going on.
First off, we can see over here we have an office which is a new component.
We also imported off button off container, off cover account cover, an account background, which
we all had got a spacer and got the authentication context.
Now, at the beginning when we needed to do is declare two properties, email and password, which are
a used state of an empty string, which will pass into our text input as the basic input.
And then we grabbed the on login from the authentication context, which is what we'll use to log in
the user.
And if we scroll down here a bit, what we're going to see is that for these off inputs, there are
many different things we can use.
So first off, I gave it a label email and I gave it a value email.
And then I said the text content type is email address to ensure that we pull up the correct keyboard.
This is how we determine, first of all, what kind of text is going to be in the field so that it expects
it.
And then here we determine what keyboard type we're going to bring up.
So both of these fields together ensure that we get the correct output for the user in terms of the
experience that they want to fill in an email address.
We do not order, capitalise and on change text.
We set the email to the value that is being entered.
Then a bit lower over here, we have the password field and in the password field, we can see if we
gave it label password, it's linking to the value of the password state and the text content is password
so that we know that it has to be password, a password type entry.
Now we're securing the text entry, which gives us this lovely little feel of the bubbles when we're
filling in a password, which makes it feel secure.
That's awesome.
A couple of small fields and we're good to go.
No auto capitalization.
We turn that off, we turn nonsecure and then we set on change.
Text set password.
Now, with all of these fields, we're able to basically get the exact feel that we want for email and
password and then on the off button.
At the end, we put back the logging off button and on press, we trigger the on logging from off context,
which is email and password, and know where it will be linking the code in the resources, as always,
so that you can go view this code.
And by hitting that will trigger login.
Now, all of this code is basically what we need to integrate an end to end logging flow without with
an optimistic feel optimistic, meaning we're not handling edge scenarios just yet, like error cases
or anything like that.
In order to handle an error case, we would need to pull in the error from our login.
And once we have the error, we can basically create an error scenario below the button or in between
the button whenever we want, wherever we want to place it.
And we can put kind of a spacer around it.
And what we can say is spacer, and then we can do a version of error handling where we import our text
component.
Right over here, we'll import text from text component and we'll get it from typography, and if we
go over to our text component in typography, what will be able to see over here is that we have a text
component that can take multiple different shapes and sizes.
So we'll take on the variant error and that's the one that will load into the text container.
So right over here in our spacer, what we're going to say is text variant is equal to error and then
we'll put the error in between here.
And once we do that, we'll be able to see any error that pops up from the log in flow, which is a
little addition here that will quickly introduce.
And if we reload, we will be able to see when we log in and we fill in a wrong email address is we'll
see an error pop up or we'll see a issue pop up.
Now, what's happening here?
It's meant to render a collection of children, use an array instead.
So what exactly is coming in on error?
Well, let's check that out.
Let's console that log error right here and let's see what exactly is going on.
So if we see error, what we're going to see probably.
That it is multiple messages inside of an array.
So if we go to the terminal here and we scroll to the bottom, what we can see when we go to login is
the following.
We fill in the wrong email address.
We fill in the password and we hit login and we're getting an error.
And why is that error popping up?
Well, if we scroll up, what we're going to be able to see here right at the top once we scroll past
all of the errors all the way back up.
The error is inside of an array.
So what we want to do here is actually we want to call error zero, which will get the zeroth element
on the array.
And if we hit log in here, oh, well, that's that's not going to work.
Well, what do we do in this case, we can't call zero on undefined, there's two options here.
We can go inside our authentication context and we can say that by default, the error is an empty array
since we expect an array or the next thing we can do.
And on top of that, maybe we'll do it in combination with something, will add an empty array here.
But the next that on the login screen will also only conditionally render the error.
So we'll wrap this with error and.
And.
And we'll make sure that we only ever render these the error part right up here, rather when there
is an error, and that way we can target error zero.
And if we log in now and we fill in a malformed email address and malformed password, what we're going
to see here.
No error.
Well, first of all, we need to make sure that error, the length that we check that and then when
we hit this, we should see the error pop up, huh?
Still nothing.
What exactly is going on?
Well, let's take a look.
Let's take a look in our terminal, because it's things like this that can pop up at any given point
when you work with this type of code.
So if we go over here and we say cancel that log error.
But we'll see.
Is here, error is badly formatted, but error zero isn't actually going to give us anything, is going
to give us undefined.
Why is that?
Why are we retrieving a piece of text but we can't render it?
Well, it's not actually an array.
It's putting brackets around it because over here we're returning it as if it's text.
But if we did something like JSON that pass around the error, then we'll see over here in the login
screen that it will interact as an array.
So if we if we do error zero now and we went over here to.
Kind of like this and we pressed lagom, what we're going to see is waps.
Unexpected identifier error.
Why is that?
Well, it's not actually, Jason, so what we want to do here is we want to do two string and if we
do to string what we can insure ourselves here is that if we render out error right down here.
We don't target the zero.
If we go over here and we fill in a malformed thing, oh, OK, OK, well, that works.
The two string helped its things like this small, small, intricate details like having to do idot
to string rather than think that it is an array.
And then Jason, pass it and then send you for a loop on that loop hole of thinking that you need to
work with the data one way or another way.
And at the end of the day, this is all we needed to do and that could cause a bunch, a bunch, a bunch
of different errors that you don't want to run into.
You don't want to walk into those types of errors.